[Docs] Update out of date astro deploy guide (#5730)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/astro.md

# Deploy an Astro site

[Astro](https://astro.build) Astro is an **all-in-one web framework** for building fast, **content-focused websites**. By default, Astro builds websites that have zero JavaScript runtime code.

> Check out the detailed [Why Astro](https://docs.astro.build/en/concepts/why-astro/) breakdown to learn more about what makes Astro special. ✨

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Astro Docs](https://docs.astro.build/) to learn more about Astro or for any assistance with an Astro project. 🚀 
```
As someone who receives PRs from other companies for the Astro Docs, I know that Cloudflare might want to keep this more "assistance" focused rather than marketing-y. So, I'd just put our docs here to help readers who might have any problems.

In this guide, you will create a new Astro application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

## Setting up a new project

Get a new Astro project up and running locally with the helpful `create-astro` CLI wizard!

```sh

> $ npm create astro@latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm create astro@latest
```
In Astro docs, we don't use the `$` so that the line can be copy/pasted. If Cloudflare is OK with this, we'll suggest removing it. But if it's their style to include it, then we leave it in!

```

Astro will ask you which project type you would like to set up. Your answers will not affect the rest of this tutorial. Select an answer ideal for your project.

> Any issues, consult [Astro's docs](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/cloudflare/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
> You can explore Astro's available templates at [astro.new](https://astro.new)
```
If it's OK with Cloudflare for us to throw this in a Note (or Tip?), then this can be helpful to people who are going to be presented with a handful of different projects to start.

# Deploy an Astro site

[Astro](https://astro.build) Astro is an **all-in-one web framework** for building fast, **content-focused websites**. By default, Astro builds websites that have zero JavaScript runtime code.

Visit the [Astro Docs](https://docs.astro.build/) to learn more about Astro or for any assistance with an Astro project.  

In this guide, you will create a new Astro application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

## Setting up a new project

Get a new Astro project up and running locally with the helpful `create-astro` CLI wizard!

```sh
npm create astro@latest
```

Astro will ask you which project type you would like to set up. Your answers will not affect the rest of this tutorial. Select an answer ideal for your project.

> > **Note**
> > You can explore Astro's available templates at [astro.new](https://astro.new)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note">}}
Refer to Astro's available templates at [astro.new](https://astro.new).
{{</Aside>}}
```

{{<Aside type="warning" header="Important">}}

> Astro requires Node.js `v14.18.0` or higher to build successfully. You must expand the **Environment Variables (advanced)** section and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `14` or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare requires [node v16.13](https://miniflare.dev/get-started/cli#installation), which is a more recent version than Astro’s out-of-the-box minmimum. You can expand the **Environment Variables (advanced)** section and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `16.13` or greater and also check the version of node you’re using locally (`node -v`) matches the version you’re specifying in the environment variable.
```
I know we made some recent changes to our Astro docs based on user feedback here, so I hope this is clear!

{{<Aside type="warning" header="Important">}}

> Cloudflare requires [node v16.13](https://miniflare.dev/get-started/cli#installation), which is a more recent version than Astro’s out-of-the-box minmimum. You can expand the **Environment Variables (advanced)** section and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `16.13` or greater and also check the version of node you’re using locally (`node -v`) matches the version you’re specifying in the environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cloudflare requires [node v16.13](https://miniflare.dev/get-started/cli#installation), which is a more recent version than Astro’s out-of-the-box minmimum. Go to your **Pages** project > **Settings** > **Environment Variables (advanced)** and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `16.13` or greater.  Check the version of node you are using locally (by running `node -v`) matches the version you are specifying in the environment variable.
```
